my enemies are many my equals are none
in the shade of olive trees they said
Italy could never be conquered in the
land of pharoahs and kings they said
Egypt could never be humbled in the
realm of forests and snow they said
Russia could never be tamed
now they say nothing they fear like a
force of nature the dealer in Thunder
and Jane
I say I am naturally on a young and
my enemies are many my equals are none
in the shade of olive trees they said
Italy could never be conquered in the
land of pharoahs and kings they said
Egypt could never be
in the realm of forest and snow they say
Prussia could never be tamed now they
say nothing they fear like a force of
nature a dealer in thunder and death I
say I am Napoli I am Emperor